conduct me in my work. Let the cursed
and hellish monster drink deep of
agony; let him feel the despair that
now torments me.”

I had begun my adjuration with
solemnity, and an awe which almost
assured me that the shades of my
murdered friends heard and approved
my devotion; but the furies possessed
me as I concluded, and rage choaked
my utterance.

I was answered through the stillness
of night by a loud and fiendish laugh.
It rung on my ears long and heavily;
the mountains re-echoed it, and I felt
as if all hell surrounded me with
mockery and laughter. Surely in that
moment I should have been possessed
by phrenzy, and have destroyed my
miserable existence, but that my vow
was heard, and that I was reserved for
vengeance. The laughter died away:
when a well-known and abhorred voice,
apparently close to my ear, addressed
me in an audible whisper--“I am
satisfied: miserable wretch! you have
determined to live, and I am satisfied.”

I darted towards the spot from which
the sound proceeded; but the devil
eluded my grasp. Suddenly the broad
disk of the moon arose, and shone full
upon his ghastly and distorted shape,
as he fled with more than mortal
speed.

I pursued him; and for many months
this has been my task. Guided by a
slight clue, I followed the windings of
the Rhone, but vainly. The blue
Mediterranean appeared; and, by a
strange chance, I saw the fiend enter
